caracas dish of Peruvian food
appeared a stew that mixed
beans and rice from the previous day
and fry in a pan with oil
then they served with a sauce
onions
what will be the ratio the tacu tacu
what will be the amount of rice and the
amount of bean
what will be the ideal bean
although accompany it
which would be embedded was always the
rejones of the previous day
three presentations as if you are the
taco taco with roasted sociologist and the
calculate with what bad game
I 'm never going to get tired of saying how cute
place at 73
you breathe above all the most important
that has to register our mind
cool
but I'm going to look at the Alvaro river
to see
to continue transgressing the rules
of the taco
I am willing to give myself to madness
that are going to be more traveled than adjust
thinking that the tacu tacu had a
way and it turns out that the last one that I've
fact was taboo locro taco achievement no longer me
It's surprising that they are giving you the taco
suck this thing inside the suck inside
of this dish you put it on the menu and
broke
now